so tell us a little bit about the bike
well it's a it's really an elliptical
cross-trainer on wheels so this makes
the elliptical fun well it ellipticals
some people like being inside but a lot
of us like to be out so it actually adds
a few more features to elliptical too
because when your elliptical you have a
flywheel that pushes you along a little
bit so your arms really don't have to do
a whole lot and and your motion is
pretty much just vertical here in order
to steer this we have to lean back and
forth okay so while you're propelling
yourself with arms and legs are using
core muscles to lean back and forth and
steer so you really go get an immense
amount of muscle activity going on so I
would imagine this burns more calories
than the end almost everything we can
find so many few days we've got a couple
of different measurements of that one
from a bodybugg system one from a belt
that was monitoring heart rate we're
comparing them to riding bicycles around
we're getting about fifty percent more
calories in riding a bike if they do
they'll endure ellipticals and the
Biggest Loser where we've used these on
campus there they were getting around 12
to 13 calories per minute on the indoor
lift goals
to go 17 to 20 so it's not only better
visually but also for your body you're
doing a lot of work but you don't know
it because everything is distributed
over the whole body everything's working
so people get off and they're like wow
it's great fun and you say well we got
why it's because they've got so much
demand on quite a vascular system that
you're working everything all right well
I want to jump over it goes to a ok
getting the hang of it there you go
excellent excellent fun click it and you
can pick time to take down the boardwalk
oh it's a blast all along the beaches I
mean we're just cruise all around here
yeah I'm the hills back and forth yeah I
mean you can you can cruise at 15 miles
an hour that much so we can spring up
almost 30 miles an hour wow you got a
lot of upper body muscles that get play
and you just go well and how much does
this go for the eight speeds are 1699
the three speeds exact same frame
different transmission a couple of a
little componentry different they're 12
under the benefit fish yeah that's right
we have Kylie we have we have wild
raspberry solar yellow
lace your white lightning silver galaxy
black break one blue and I love the
names all again okay thank you so much
you're quite welcome